# Distributed-Swarm
The overall design goal is to keep as many vehicles alive as possible for as long as possible. As energy globes can only be discovered locally, communication is required, as well as coordina-tion between the vehicles as all swarm members heading for the some destination at the same time will not lead to many of them making it there

The task can be solved in four stages:a. Allowing a central coordinator.b. Fully distributed.c. Multiple energy globes.d. Find harmony.

Stage a still allows for a central coor-dinator to be introduced and all tasks are allowed to communicate with this entity (or multiple thereof). The implementation of those central in-stances can employ shared memory based as well as message based forms of communication. Some are obviously questionable to impossible in a physical deployment of your system, yet this stage might help you to develop ideas which can then be considered for the second stage.Stage b does not allow for a central coordinator and all planning and scheduling now needs to be done on the individual vehicles only using local communication. This is hard. If you are confident that you are up for stage b straight out then you do not need to implement stage a.Stage c requires further coordination between vehicles as multiple energy globes are to be considered. Assume that you do not know how many globes are in existence, yet utilize the additional redundancy which is detected at runtime to enhance the overall robustness of your swarm charging method. To test this you will need to go to the package Swarm_Configurationand change Configuration to Random_Globes_In_Orbits. Globes can appear and vanish at random, yet there will be a minimum of 2 globes around at all times.Stage d requires all of the above plus that the swarm shrinks itself to a specific size. This size is a constant (Target_No_of_Elements) which is known to all vehicles, yet they do not know (initially) how many vehicles there are in total, or whether they themselves are scheduled for destruction. This stage will require a fully distributed method to share information and agree on action (in this case, to purposefully let certain vehicles run out of energy and vanish).

Final Mark 90/100
